README.md, before:

# <u>LeagueBroadcast XLNC Edition</u>

This is a fork of LeagueBroadcast by Lars Eble. The front end and configs have been heavily modified to work with the new XLNC League Layout.



## <u>First Time Setup</u>

1. Download the app by clicking the green code button and click "Download Zip."
2. Extract the folder to a reasonable location (ex. `documents/xlnc`).
3. In the folder, open the `Fonts` folder and install all four fonts.
4. Open `LeagueBroadcast.exe` and you're all set!

## <u>In Order to Get Things Going</u>

1. Team Logos **must** be squared (ex. 512 x 512 pixels).
2. Install Fonts

## <u>Match Setup</u>

1. Open the League of Legends client, the circle on the top right should change to `Client Connected`.
2. In the `Pick Ban` section, type in the Four Fields.
   1. `Team Name`
   2. `Tag` (This must be exactly the same as `Team Name`)
   3. `Coach`
   4. `Logo`
3. In the `Ingame` section, click on the downwards arrow at the top of the screen.
4. Change the `Series Game Count` to the designated number (ex. `B01, Bo3`, `Bo5`).

## <u>FAQs</u>

- If the browser sources have empty links, what should I do?
  - Here you go: 
    - In Game: http://localhost:9001/frontend?backend=localhost
    - Pick Ban: http://localhost:9001/?backend=ws://localhost:9001/api
    - Just make sure that your sources are set to 1920x1080

- The app crashes every time I load into game. What did I do?

  - Just relaunch the app. If you have a stream deck, it's handy to make a button for the exe.

  - You didn't do anything wrong it's okay! :)

    

- The links are `localhost`, what does that even mean?

  - In a nutshell, the app hosts two webpage on your computer rather than on a server far far away.

Commit message:

Rewrote a few things (see descrip)
Removed font step since it's not needed anymore, moved Team Logos note to Match Setup, fixed a few line breaks and typos,

README.md, after:

# <u>LeagueBroadcast XLNC Edition</u>

This is a fork of LeagueBroadcast by Lars Eble. The front end and configs have been heavily modified to work with the new XLNC League Layout.

## <u>First Time Setup</u>

1. Download the app by clicking the green code button and click "Download Zip."
2. Extract the folder to a reasonable location (ex. `documents/xlnc`).
4. Open `LeagueBroadcast.exe` and you're all set!

## <u>Match Setup</u>

1. Before doing anything, make sure you prep your Team Logos are be **squared** (ex. 512 x 512 pixels).
2. Open the League of Legends client, the circle on the top right should change to `Client Connected`.
3. In the `Pick Ban` section, type in the Four Fields.
   1. `Team Name`
   2. `Tag` (This must be exactly the same as `Team Name`)
   3. `Coach`
   4. `Logo`
4. In the `Ingame` section, click on the downwards arrow at the top of the screen.
5. Change the `Series Game Count` to the designated number (ex. `B01, Bo3`, `Bo5`).

## <u>FAQs</u>

- If the browser sources have empty links, what should I do?
  - Here you go: 
    - In Game: http://localhost:9001/frontend?backend=localhost
    
    - Pick Ban: http://localhost:9001/?backend=ws://localhost:9001/api
    
    - Just make sure that your sources are set to 1920x1080
    
      
  
- The app crashes every time I load into game. What did I do?

  - Just relaunch the app. If you have a stream deck, it's handy to make a button for the exe.

  - You didn't do anything wrong it's okay! :)

    

- The links are `localhost`, what does that even mean?

  - In a nutshell, the app hosts two webpages on your computer rather than on a server far far away.
